"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." @Eleanor Roosevelt
"She believed she could, so she did." @R.S. Grey
"Do not give your past the power to define your future."
"I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." @Maya Angelou
"Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope." @Maya Angelou
"You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them." @Maya Angelou
"You may write me down in history with your bitter, twisted lines. You may trod me in the very dirt, but still, like dust, I'll rise." @Maya Angelou
"Nothing will work unless you do." @Maya Angelou
"Whatever you want to do, if you want to be great at it, you have to love it and be able to make sacrifices for it." @Maya Angelou
"I learned a long time ago the wisest thing I can do is be on my own side, be an advocate for myself and others like me." @Maya Angelou
"It's alright to have butterflies in your stomach. Just get them to fly in formation."
"My life has been one great big joke, a dance that's walked a song that's spoke, I laugh so hard I almost choke when I think about myself." @Maya Angelou
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." @Albert Einstein
"The only source of knowledge is experience." @Albert Einstein
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." @Albert Einstein
"The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits." @Albert Einstein
"Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them." @Albert Einstein
"The value of a man should be seen in what he gives and not in what he is able to receive." @Albert Einstein
"An empty stomach is not a good political advisor." @Albert Einstein
"Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out." @Jenn Proske
"The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun." @Christopher McCandless
"Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness." @Oprah Winfrey
"A woman is like a tea bag; you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water." @Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman." @Margaret Thatcher
"Be yourself- it's the inner beauty that counts. You are your own best friend, the key to your own happiness, and as soon as you understand that- and it takes a few heartbreaks- you can be happy." @Cherie Lunghi
"Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea." @Robert A. Heinlein
"Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance." @Samuel Johnson
"Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go." @Hermann Hesse
"Girl power is about loving yourself and having confidence and strength from within, so even if you're not wearing a sexy outfit, you feel sexy." @Nicole Scherzinger
"One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity." @Albert Schweitzer
"A truly strong person does not need the approval of others any more than a lion needs the approval of sheep." @Vernon Howard
"Femininity is not just lipstick, stylish hairdos, and trendy clothes. It is the divine adornment of humanity. It finds expression in your qualities of your capacity to love, your spirituality, delicacy, radiance, sensitivity, creativity, charm, graciousness, gentleness, dignity, and quiet strength." @James E. Faust
"My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength." @Michael Jordan
"Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars." @Khalil Gibran
"You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it." @Robin Williams
"Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later." @Og Mandino
"Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored." @Earl Nightingale
"All of her would-haves are our opportunities." @Emma Thompson
"You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over." @Richard Branson
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it." @Steve Jobs
"If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of." @Bruce Lee
"Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead." @Oscar Wilde
"The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance." @Brian Tracy
"Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself- and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to- letting a person be what he really is." @Jim Morrison 
"Human greatness does not lie in wealth or power, but in character and goodness. People are just people, and all people have faults and shortcomings, but all of us are born with a basic goodness." @Anne Frank
"The final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands." @Anne Frank
"Despite everything, I believe that people are really good at heart." @Anne Frank
"No one has ever become poor by giving" @Anne Frank
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." @Jimmy Dean
"Perfection is not attainable but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence." @Vince Lombardi
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." @Milton Berle
"You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take." @Wayne Gretzky
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." @Gandhi
"It's not the size of the dog in the fight; it's the size of the fight in the dog." @Mark Twain
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible!'" @Audrey Hepburn
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." @Thomas Edison



Funny
"Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy." @Benjamin Franklin $f
"Carpe per diem -seize the check" @Robin Williams
"Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much." @Oscar Wilde
